hey short babes April in from Salt
Lake's welcome to my new apartment
it is very messy so please don't judge
don't worry about all the boxes just
because it's a mess doesn't mean you
can't still get a workout in right so
today I'm taking you through a super
quick AB circuit you're going to be
burning in your core gonna get that core
nice and strong
so grab one dumbbell and meet me on a
mat alright let's do it okay so our
first exercise our single leg lifts and
then it comes out and they're not laying
down and you're just going to make sure
that the cores nice and tight through
sucking your back closing that gap
between the floor and your lower back
we're gonna go ahead and just raise each
leg alternating keeping your shoulders
lifted hands are right behind your heads
and not holding your head up this is
really gonna get your way so we're
halfway through this one we're doing ten
exercises for thirty seconds each and
then that's it guys Bri your name good
Andres
now we're going into a double leg lift
up women the whole time to really engage
your core and again if I was to show my
hand under your lower back there should
be no gap there okay now rest moving in
to add bicycles so you're going to go
ahead and reach with your elbow to your
opposite knee keeping those shoulders
lifted off the ground
nice slow in control because you really
want to feel the burn keep that belly
button gauged five seconds to lunch and
rest next we're moving into hips up so
you're going to break your legs into the
air we're just gonna squeeze squeeze
squeeze
Wow feel this
I see all the way up keep that core nice
and tight ten seconds is it going guys
[Music]
good now coming up I'm sure Matt we're
gonna hold a yeah right now so right
here in these Ben and the nice little
the boat we've been is a regression if
you want to make it hurt here's what you
can go ahead and straighten out those
legs ten more seconds holding right here
keep those shoulders back towards my
fingers three seconds good bring it in
take a little rest here and right back
up knees are bent now we're going into a
Russian twist back and forth when you do
this I want you rotate your entire torso
so that you're really using your
obliques instead of keeping your head
looking forward I want to really look in
each direction we got ten more seconds
[Music]
two one
whew okay now we're going to do a single
leg shimmy that's what I've been calling
it I don't really know what it's called
you're gonna bring one leg up shoulders
back and we're just gonna come down down
we're gonna do each leg for 30 seconds
really bring those shoulders back
don't you feel it in your quad as well a
little bit of quad engagement and switch
your legs officially Brooklyn probably
should have put me on this perfect cup
there's no going back now so this is
great stuck on to the end of a workout
or the beginning to activate your core
we got 10 seconds left
and then we're laying back down onto the
mat I know
thank your seconds good now we roll them
down back onto your mat now we're going
to keep our legs nice and wide
of course height and we're just going to
push through our legs if you want to
support your ears you can just don't
pull it your neck good and we have one
more we have full situps so your hands
above your head deep breath in
you're going to come up to sitting and
then roll slowly back down
[Music]
good really need a quarter pull yourself
up keep those knees loose to the ground
try not to lift and Bend we've got two
more right here slowly roll down last
one
and how do you guys feel like we're all
nice and woken up I feel like that was a
great sort of way to engage your core
before you move into either a
weightlifting session or at the end of a
cardio session okay so I hope you guys
enjoyed this if you liked it please give
it a thumbs up and subscribe and if you
want to get more of a workout I'm gonna
tell you right now to just go back to
the beginning and repeat this all the
way around up to three times to get a 15
minute ab workout ends alright guys bye
[Music]